To a Traveler by Lionel Johnson
Recorded by Robert Garrison
And dedicated to the memory of Larry Ingalls
The mountains and the lonely death at last,
Upon the lonely mountains, O strong friend,
The wandering over and the labor past,
Thou art indeed at rest, Earth gave thee of her best,
That labor and this end.
Earth was thy mother and her true son thou,
Earth called thee to a knowledge of her ways.
Upon the great hills, up the great streams now,
Upon Earth's kindly breast, thou art indeed at rest.
Thou and thine arduous days.
Fare thee well, O strong heart,
The tranquil night looks calmly on thee,
And the sun pours down, his glory over thee,
O heart of might.
Earth gives thee perfect rest,
Earth whom thy swift feet pressed,
Earth whom the vast stars crown.